(The following content may not be suitable for viewers under 15.)
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
What?
Think about what you did today.
You sweet thing, you saved my family.
- Eun Seok. - No.
Subtitle ripped and resynced by redixion
- What? - I'm...
not Eun Seok.
Are you drunk after just one can?
I am...
not your sister.
I'm Seo Ji An.
What?
The real Eun Seok...
is Ji Soo, my twin sister.
What...
What did you just say?
I am...
not Choi Eun Seok.
I am Seo Ji An.
The real Choi Eun Seok...
is my twin sister, Seo Ji Soo.
Ji Soo...
is the real Eun Seok.
I'm sorry.
What do you mean?
My sister is not you, but Seo Ji Soo?
If she's my sister,
- why are you... - My mom...
I think my mom lied that it was me.
You think?
You think she lied?
That implies that it's only a speculation.
Don't you know that it implies uncertainty?
I haven't checked,
but I'm certain that I'm not your sister.
The photo of Choi Eun Seok...
who went missing 25 years ago.
It wasn't mine. It was Ji Soo's.
You're claiming that you're not Eun Seok...
just because of a photo when you were young?
Are you sure you aren't mistaken?
Can... Can this be possible?
My mom handles things precisely.
She never makes errors.
She wouldn't have brought you home...
by only someone's word and without a DNA test.
You must've been mistaken.
When I asked General Manager Min,
she said that she ran the DNA test.
And what about that?
At that time, I believed that.
But no. Something has gone wrong.
You saw the scar on my foot the other day, right?
I got it right after my first birthday.
Ask your mom if Eun Seok had a stitch mark...
on her right foot.
That's why I did all that today.
It's not because I didn't want to disrupt the plan.
Since I'm not Eun Seok,
I couldn't let the chairman say that I am.
Do you think what you're saying is possible?
How can your mother switch her real daughter?
Could she have done it in her right mind?
Are your parents crazy?
My dad isn't.
Why am I having this dispute with you?
I can ask them myself.
She's extraordinary.
She's smart and quick-witted.
How could she have found the shopper...
and bring in a witness...
in that short amount of time?
We must have pressured her that much.
You're not going to wait for Eun Seok?
It's almost 1am.
Yes, it is.
What is Do Kyung doing?
Everything I said is true.
Please hear me out...
before you check with your parents.
Brother, please.
How dare you address me as your brother?
You said you're not my sister.
So you guys deceived my parents,
and switched you with my real sister?
Isn't that right?
Did you really not know?
Is it really true that you didn't know?
If I knew what she did,
why would I have done all that today?
I stopped the announcement because I wasn't Eun Seok.
When did you find out?
No. Why didn't you tell me once you figured it out?
I was going to tell you after I finished...
preparing the event by the 23rd.
I couldn't harm the company.
Because of the event?
To not harm the company?
It's an event for the 40th anniversary.
I'm turning over the work to Yoon Ha Jung...
so there wouldn't be a problem without me.
That was the earliest date possible.
Please let me tell them about it...
after I finish the work by then.
You want to tell them by yourself?
Why?
Have you gone mad too? Are you insane?
Why would I let you?
You wouldn't have known...
if I hadn't confessed to you.
Anyway, I now know too.
But you want me...
to keep deceiving my parents now?
Do you think I'd do such a thing?
That's why I'm begging you.
Even if your parents find out now,
there's nothing they can possibly do to them.
What?
They have nothing.
They could take away...
my parents' money or their jobs.
If they were to have any,
I would let them face the consequences...
for what they have done. However,
they will only be humiliated.
It was my mom who lied in the first place,
and Dad couldn't stop me in the end.
Do you know what I told him before coming here?
I crushed and abandoned my dad.
I can't let my dad go through...
that humiliation again. I just can't.
Are you...
worrying only about your own parents?
Also, your parents would be less angry...
if they heard it from me.
I'll tell them and ask for their forgiveness.
So why should I do that for you?
Please try to think in my shoes.
I'm... I'm sincerely sorry.
(CEO)
It's your mother.
Take the call.
It's me.
Eun Seok, where are you?
I'm waiting for you at home.
Mom, this is Do Kyung.
You should've called me if you were with her.
What are you doing?
She had to finish her work before going home.
I didn't think she even had dinner,
so I'm buying her dinner.
Now?
It'd be better if you didn't wait up for us.
Okay. I see.
Then I'll see her tomorrow morning.
Bring her home safely.
Yes. Goodnight.
Thank you.
Don't get the wrong idea.
I'm not doing you a favor.
They will meet Grandfather in Yangpyeong tomorrow.
I did it because I didn't want to cause trouble now.
Okay.
Get home quietly.
She's not my sister?
Nice to meet you. I'm Choi Do Kyung.
I'm your brother.
Address me as your brother when you're ready.
I'll let you skip the title until then.
No matter how expensive it is,
I can buy that necklace again,
but your life can't be replaced.
Eun Seok.
Go study abroad.
You couldn't do it because you lived in that house.
Again.
You are Choi Do Kyung's sister. Who are you?
Choi Eun Seok.
I'll say you're sleeping, so don't go out.
They must be determined to see you.
What if they look for me?
I should keep it a secret until the 23rd?
Do you think you can keep avoiding them like this?
Come out after they've gone to work.
Good morning.
Where is Eun Seok?
She needed some sleep, so I told her to do so.
She was too tired to even get up.
She's only a human too. You did the right thing.
I also told her to come late to the office.
I will have to see her tomorrow then.
Aren't you coming back today?
Whenever Grandfather comes back to Korea,
we spend a night with him. Don't you know that?
Then is he leaving so soon?
I thought he'd stay longer...
since we found Eun Seok.
(Do Kyung)
Hello?
Mother and Father left.
I'm going to work now. Come in whenever you want.
When I asked General Manager Min,
she said that she ran the DNA test.
Right, Ms. Min.
When you were testing Eun Seok's DNA,
where did you get the samples?
Why do you ask so suddenly?
I don't know. I just became curious.
Is there a secret you can't tell me?
Did you do something illegal to obtain it?
No.
Someone sent us the two sisters' tooth brushes.
Right. Tooth brushes?
What else?
What?
You said there were two, each from one sister.
I don't know what happened after that.
When your mother went to meet Mr. Seo's wife,
she was certain when she came out.
I see.
I'll go to work.
All right, sir.
Tae Soo.
Hey, Hae Ja.
Seeing you in a suit brings back old memories.
Is everything going well?
Yes. Where are you going this early?
Well...
I was going to see a friend.
I was bored.
Hae Ja.
It's tough being alone, isn't it?
Tae Soo.
You shouldn't stay alone and just go to Vietnam.
It's not good for a couple to stay apart too long.
That's why I told you to follow Seok Doo before.
Maybe I should have done that.
Regardless of his age, a man is like a child.
So when his ego is hurt, he goes off the track.
Wait a little.
I have to catch the train. How about you?
I have to catch the bus.
I will get going then.
Tae Soo's back looked so pitiful.
It's because he's old.
When you get old, your back bends, you know.
No, he still looked great in a suit.
Mi Jung, he might become successful again.
Perhaps you shouldn't open the restaurant after all.
Hae Ja, don't spoil my opening day.
Never mind.
There's nobody like Tae Soo, you see.
He's so consistent.
He's warm and sweet.
Your husband has been earning well all along,
so you look for other things to be jealous of.
A good-hearted man who is incompetent...
is very frustrating.
I used to feel that too.
But money wasn't everything.
Live like me for a year, and you won't say that.
Unless you've been through what it's like...
to live each day without any hope,
you wouldn't understand.
What? Try living a year with a man...
who gives nothing but money.
Where did I put it?
My goodness. This cannot be happening.
I think I saw the recipe note...
when I was making a sandwich for Ji An.
Where did I put it?
Ji Soo.
Yes?
What is it? You told me to hurry off.
Why did you...
beg me not to go?
What?
You said you wouldn't go...
if you were in my position.
Would you really have not gone if you were me?
Of course not.
Right.
If it happened to you,
you wouldn't have left after you found out...
that your real parents are very rich.
That's why you must've told me not to go to them.
Why are you bringing that up now?
I am sorry.
About what?
I am sorry that I didn't listen to you.
I am sorry.
Is she regretting it now?
Are they giving her a hard time?
Come to think of it, she didn't look so well.
- Ji Soo. - Yes?
Are you going somewhere, Mom?
Yes. I got a job.
Today is my first day.
You got a job?
Then why didn't you tell me?
Nothing. It's just my first time to work, right?
You're already too weak. Why would you work?
You get sick after helping Hae Ja make kimchi.
That's why I just wanted to give it a try.
Where is it? Where do you work?
I will tell you later. I'll be late.
I already cooked some food for dinner. Eat that.
- See you later. - Okay.
Mom got a job,
and Dad leaves early to do his business.
Is our family going to be rich again?
Here.
(Seo Tae Soo)
I am Seo Tae Soo. I've visited before.
I am the CEO of S.D. Chang Korea.
- So what do you do? - Well,
we are a merchandising company based in Vietnam.
I've come to ask about the price...
of the sanghwang mushroom extract here.
I wanted to give it to her on our date.
Did you call for me, sir?
Please wrap this as a gift.
Gosh, what should I do?
"Congratulations on your wedding anniversary."
Please put a ribbon on it.
Sure.
But I think it needs more flowers.
Gosh.
We meet again.
Yes. It seems so.
I didn't get to ask last time.
I believe your husband is well?
- Yes. - Right.
And your kids are well too?
And this. Please add this.
You must really love your wife.
Wife? Wife?
Are you here to buy flowers too?
No.
I see. Goodbye then. Now, let's see...
This is strange.
Why is it more delicious today?
Your cooking skills must improve each day.
Don't mention it.
By the way,
how did you come up with pumpkin hotteok?
The dough is more chewy and sweet.
Some girl who studies food nutrition said...
that she likes ugly pumpkins,
despite her looks.
They say opposite people attract each other.
That's why a bright, beautiful college girl...
is attracted to a blunt, boring man like you.
My goodness.
They say we're the Beauty and the Beast.
Who said that?
Who do you think?
When you are on your way to class, don't drop by.
Why not?
The rumor will spread, and I feel sorry for that.
Go now. Hurry.
He was so shy.
And he's changed so much.
I lived my whole life...
feeling like something was stuck in my chest...
since I felt sorry to him.
I am sorry. I'm late.
You're here.
(Happy Wedding Anniversary)
"Happy Wedding Anniversary"?
But you're not married, right?
Didn't you buy too much?
Our breads are freshly baked every day.
It's better if you finish it within the day.
But you just came in.
How can you say that you made them today?
No.
He made everything early this morning.
He just went out to get some flowers.
We make all of our bread every day ourselves.
It's warm.
Please enjoy.
Hello.
Mr. Kang, have you seen my recipe note?
No, I haven't seen it.
If it's not here, where could it be?
Looking at the sales,
I think it'd be too tough for you alone.
I can still manage.
You're here.
Hello.
- Hello, ma'am. - Welcome.
I'll take that.
Here's the invoice.
But my boss wants cash instead of bank transfer.
Cash?
Why doesn't he want us to send it to his account?
I don't know why,
but he says that he needs cash.
But you can pay anytime you want.
And he's giving you a 10 percent discount.
He's a nice man, isn't he?
I'll get going now, ma'am.
Okay.
Bye.
Okay, bye.
Right.
Ji Soo.
Isn't this yours?
What? My goodness.
Why... Why is this here?
When I asked for additional orders,
it was in the bread bag. I forgot about it.
I am sorry.
It's all right.
This is my treasure number two.
And I was so upset thinking that I'd lost it.
What's your treasure number one then?
My family.
I'll get going now. Bye.
That frame is lovely.
Ma'am, where did you buy that frame?
You can...
go here for the frames.
Wait. Gosh.
I... I love this makeup table.
Would a makeup table be better than a frame?
Well, it's a wedding gift for your brother.
The makeup table is only for your sister-in-law.
They can use it together.
What? Does this have to be assembled too?
All of these here need to be assembled.
But I am terrible at those things.
Shall I ask our manager to help you?
No. Never.
You would never have to do that.
There is an assembly instruction right here.
I think I can handle it.
Gosh. This looks very easy.
Please let me tell them about it.
It's an event for the 40th anniversary.
I'm turning over the work to Yoon Ha Jung...
so there wouldn't be a problem without me.
Please let me tell them after the event.
Please let me tell them about it.
I know her as Gustav Mahler's wife.
Although he remarried several times...
after she passed away.
You truly are my daughter.
This is a big problem.
Did you make the second profile file...
for the customer model?
No. Not yet.
Please hurry up and make it.
We have to get votes from people.
Ji An.
The vice president wants an update.
He's coming in half an hour.
An update?
Mr. Lee,
why is he asking for an update?
Doesn't it mean...
that he can't trust us?
That's impossible.
Doesn't he trust Ji An the most?
60 percent of the vendors have already signed.
We chose 50 contestants...
for the customer fashion show,
and we will soon hold the final evaluation.
We are hiring singers for the concert.
We thought we should narrow down the topic...
to fairytale characters...
for the hand-printing design contest.
So we are currently...
discussing it with the design team.
Among the undecided topics,
which are important?
- What is this? - Didn't you get the call?
We are going to include behind-the-scene clips...
to the promotion video.
I am sorry. I forgot to inform you.
You may film this.
You can tell me what is undecided yet.
Today, we are having a meeting with...
the vendors related to the Violet Scent,
and then we'll decide on the items and names.
We will change the event venue...
and are contacting three natural dyeing vendors.
We are still searching for Mr. Jung Kang Soo.
Isn't the event supposed to be held at our park?
That was the original plan,
but I thought it would be too cold at night.
I think it would be better if it were held indoors.
What do you think, Ms. Yoon?
If the venue changes,
I assume the layout will change a lot too.
Ms. Seo is in charge of that.
Aren't you supposed to be in charge together?
If you are co-directing it,
you should be able to make decisions...
in case of Ms. Seo's absence.
I am trying hard to catch up with her.
I guess the budget will change as well.
Yes. I am coming up with the revised budget plan.
Ms. Seo, bring the revised budget plan...
and the list of natural dyeing vendors...
to my office.
I will do that.
It seems like you can't leave the project...
just like you said.
But that doesn't mean we can't hold the event.
I thought about the favor you asked.
I understand your situation,
and I feel bad for you too.
You were fooled by your parents too.
However,
I can't promise you that I'll do as you asked.
This is not such a simple problem.
You were already introduced at the gallery.
They weren't just nobodies.
They were people whom...
Mother and Grandfather consider most important.
You want to delay telling them the truth for work?
It's not something I can decide alone.
This is something big even for my family.
So...
don't expect me to do you a favor.
I'll make my decision...
and consider from...
only my parents' and my family's point of view.
Even if you tell the truth and apologize first,
your parents won't be forgiven.
You dared to deceive our entire family.
But now, you don't want them to be humiliated?
They actually deserve more than that.
What your parents did...
is a crime.
I know.
I'm not asking you to forgive my parents.
I know...
that I can't ask for forgiveness.
I'll tell them to turn themselves in.
Then why would you tell my parents yourself?
You didn't know about it.
I didn't want to ruin the 40th anniversary too.
If I did,
I'd be so sorry and ashamed.
I can prepare everything thoroughly by the 23rd.
Then there'd be no big problem for the event.
I just wish your parents...
wouldn't be so mad by considering my efforts.
The reason why...
my mom and dad...
had to make such a decision.
It's all because of me. If I told them about it,
maybe they might trample on my parents a bit less.
That's why.
Do you...
want to defend your parents...
after they did all this to you?
You also know...
what Mother and Father will do to my parents.
Don't call my parents Mother and Father.
I'm sorry.
I've told you what I had to say, so get out.
Yes, sir.
However,
if you can't wait until the 23th,
at least let me tell the truth myself.
That's the least I ask of you.
I brought you the vegetables and meat.
- Put them in the kitchen. - Okay.
The meat and vegetables look so fresh.
We get fresh ingredients delivered every morning.
She does sound like the owner already.
Thank you. Goodbye.
Hello. Please have a seat here.
- Clean up the table. - Gosh.
They say office changes manners.
Mi Jung looks good.
Ma'am, we're running out of ingredients.
- What should we do? - Gosh.
- I'll place an order. - Okay. Thank you.
Okay, bye.
You said you'd make just a short phone call.
This is good when hot, but it's cold now.
I was looking for our wedding hall.
Our wedding hall?
I saw this place the other day and really liked it.
It's called a "Picnic Wedding".
It's an outdoor wedding hall in a park.
But why is it called "Picnic Wedding"?
You go on a picnic with your friends and family...
and have a wedding ceremony there.
That sounds wonderful.
I know, right?
But the place is fully reserved until December...
except for one day.
When is it?
A week later.
Someone just cancelled their reservation.
A week later?
Gosh, that's disappointing.
But I just made a provisional contract.
What?
My parents aren't coming anyway.
We'll see them in Canada on our honeymoon.
If your parents are okay with it, it'll be fine.
And it's free.
Do you want to get married in a week since it's free?
No way.
I only said, "And".
You said you don't want to live too shabby.
You said you don't want a wedding like that.
Now, I know that I'm more shabby...
without Seo Ji Tae than living in a shabby house.
You know that I'm cool.
You're being so cool...
that it breaks my heart.
It's your turn. You had something to tell me.
You met my sister the other day.
In fact, she's not my biological sister.
She's not your biological sister?
Yes. So she doesn't live with us now.
She moved in to her biological parents' house.
So?
This is all I can tell you now.
If you want to know more...
Does it have something to do with our marriage?
With our marriage?
No, not really.
Then I'm fine with it.
I don't want to force you...
to tell me something you don't want to say.
I don't think couples are one in body and soul.
Then please make a list of these, and send it to me.
Okay. I'll send it to you immediately.
I should get going then.
Hello?
Hey, Seo Ji An.
Myung Shin.
What happened to you?
Why did you change your number without telling me?
I'm sorry.
Tell me why you did that first.
I'd understand it...
if you went off the grid for having a hard time.
But you got a permanent position at Haesung.
I was shocked when I heard it from Ha Jung.
Ji An.
How could that be?
I don't even know what to say.
If I were you, I would've ran off.
How can you even stay at that house now?
I'm actually terrified to death.
Then you should just tell your parents.
It's not something you did.
You can't deal with that family alone.
Because it was for me.
What?
My mom...
lived in my dad's shadow as a housewife.
She's so timid and tenderhearted.
I know. She's like a little girl.
But why did she do that?
How could she even do such a thing? Why?
And my dad...
He came to see me and stop me.
Ji An.
You shouldn't go there.
You...
You don't want to go, right?
I want to go.
But I told Dad...
that I wanted to go.
I even blamed him for stopping me.
Dad thought that I just said that...
because I was having a hard time to find a job.
It's not because you must,
but... But you want to go?
Why?
You... You want to go?
I know you suffered much,
but do you really want to leave so easily like this?
Yes.
I want to go.
I suffered so much.
I wanted to kill myself. There's nothing I can do.
Living like this...
is making me sick.
Why can't I be a daughter of a rich family?
I mean,
why did you...
even pick me up in the first place?
I criticized my dad.
As if it was all his fault.
Like I was leaving because of him.
I made him speechless.
Your father...
must've been really shocked.
Do you know how I've been doing with my new family?
I was overwhelmed.
I was intimidated and dispirited.
I just did as I was told.
I struggled to be a person fit for a rich family.
Without knowing that I don't belong to them.
But it's not your fault.
When I failed to get a job in a large firm,
I pretended to be the most unhappy girl in the world.
Maybe that's why Mom did such a thing.
But still, Ji An,
blaming this on yourself...
won't solve anything.
It's my fault.
If I hadn't said...
that I wanted to live with them so quickly,
it wouldn't have come this far.
I bet my mom said it on an impulse.
She knew I'd want to go, so she said it.
Defending your mom won't change anything.
I'm not defending her.
I can't defend her from those people.
I'm talking about me.
I feel so ashamed and regretful.
To tell the truth,
I wanted to go as soon as I found out.
Right away?
When Mom told me...
that the owners of Haesung were my real parents,
as soon as I heard it,
I wanted to move in.
To meet my real family?
No.
Their money.
Their affluence.
That's what I wanted.
That's why it's my fault...
and I deserve to suffer first.
I've experienced them first-hand.
I know what those people are like,
so I can prepare myself.
Mom and Dad will never survive.
They'll never imagine...
what'll happen and how they'll end up.
I need to talk to the Haesung people...
and beg for forgiveness...
so they'll be less angry with my parents.
How scary are they?
No one can imagine...
how terrifying they are.
(Cork)
Wouldn't it be fun to make a triangular coffee table?
Is your imagination running wild again?
What is it?
A local bakery...
ordered a makeup table.
A bakery?
Yes.
(Seo Ji Soo)
It's nearby.
Drop it off on the way to the factory...
to save the shipping fee.
I will.
You'll actually drop it off?
We're neighbors.
And I'm in debt.
Hello.
I'm from Mamdaero.
What did you bring?
You ordered a DIY makeup table.
I made the order not so long ago.
Why is it here already?
Doesn't it take a few days?
We're neighbors, so I brought it over...
to save time and shipping fees.
I see.
Thanks so much,
but I didn't ask for Mr. Baker's permission...
to assemble this here yet.
Isn't it for your boss?
No, it's not.
It's a surprise wedding gift...
for my brother.
I'll get found out if I make it at home.
Shall I take it back then?
- Well... - No.
Leave it here.
Mr. Baker.
It's a surprise. It'll be fun.
Just don't do it during working hours.
Really? Thank you.
If it's your first time,
this will be tough to make.
Shall I do it for you?
No, I'm good at this.
I'm very experienced.
Are you? Goodbye then.
I'll be leaving.
Thank you.
The kid grew up well.
Thank you. Goodbye.
Look at you.
You were always saying...
"Hello, good morning" to yourself in the dark.
All that practice actually helped.
You managed to talk without freezing up.
I did, didn't I?
Maybe it's because I let it go.
You let it go?
Yes.
I told myself to stop being pathetic.
If it were that easy,
why would there be so many deities?
Anyway, I won't help you with any tools.
All you can eat.
All you can eat. Thank you.
All you can eat beef.
Thanks.
(Jang Seok Doo)
Hi, Seok Doo.
Tae Soo, you did research on sanghwang mushrooms,
a lifting pack,
and motorcycle accessories.
The locals are interested,
so find out more about them.
Are they?
Then I'll call you back...
when I get the lowest price.
Okay, bye.
(Ji Tae)
Hey, Ji Tae.
She'll visit again?
At what time?
Around 9pm.
We had to take care of a few things first.
Oh, okay.
What should I do? Ji Tae is coming home at 9pm.
Didn't you tell him you got a job?
I didn't.
And he's bringing his fiancee.
What fiancee?
Didn't I tell you? He's engaged.
Gosh, he's getting married?
With whom?
Can you watch the counter for me?
The dinner rush is over, so it's quiet.
I'll rush home and come back in a taxi.
I must watch the counter?
I'll pay you more than enough. Okay?
- A week? - A week?
It's a beautiful outdoor venue.
Look.
Gosh, it's really pretty.
It's in the World Cup Park.
It's managed by the city.
It looks amazing.
Doesn't it?
I went there for a wedding and fell in love with it.
I don't like the fact that it's free...
and in a week's time.
That's not the issue, Mom.
The one opening they have is for January.
We'll freeze to death.
That's why we'd rather rush things.
A week's still too soon.
There's a lot to prepare.
There isn't much to prepare, Mother.
Gosh, you can't say that.
A wedding isn't child's play.
Even if you have a simple ceremony,
you shouldn't hurry things like this.
What about Soo A's work...
and parents?
Her parents invited us to Canada...
for our honeymoon,
and I checked on my schedule,
and I think it'll be fine.
Even so.
What about the dowry?
We want to spend as little as possible...
so we can move to a place of our own.
Would that be okay?
I'm not saying that...
because I expect a dowry.
I can't even give you much myself.
I just think it's wrong to rush a wedding like this.
Mom, is there a law that says...
how weddings should be held?
Right. Ji Soo has a point.
It's totally up to you.
We only need a new bed.
How about we get you...
a new fridge and a washing machine?
It's fine, forget about it.
I can't even give you any jewelry.
I don't deserve a fridge and a washing machine.
Yes, I'm looking at it now.
Each location's different,
so we might have to change the layout.
Please send some options.
Yes. Goodbye.
(Whiner)
You're line's busy.
Ji Tae's getting married next Tuesday.
Ji Soo, what do you mean?
It's so hard to talk to you.
He's getting married next Tuesday?
Why so soon?
Are you sure? Is it confirmed?
Yes. They already booked the venue.
Mr. Choi.
Are you going to pick up your sister?
(Seo Ji An)
No, I'm not.
- Hello... - Are you at home?
We must talk urgently.
Where are you?
I have a bad feeling about this.
It's never good when you go first...
My brother's getting married.
What?
He's getting married next Tuesday.
Why are you telling me that?
Can you please...
wait until after the wedding?
It's getting worse and worse.
If your parents find out,
there won't be a wedding.
Too bad.
I've made up my mind.
What?
The only thing I can do for you is...
to let you tell my parents when they return tomorrow.
No. Ji Tae did nothing wrong.
Just one week. That's all I need.
Not telling what I know.
Do you know how serious that is?
Postpone your brother's wedding.
You know...
how terrifying your parents are.
Especially your mother.
They'll tear my family apart.
My mom will be imprisoned for fraud...
and my dad will lose his mind with guilt.
My brother and sister...
will be so ashamed of our parents, right?
I left them and came here, so I can't console them.
And Ji Soo...
I can't even imagine...
how badly hurt she'll be and how she'll react.
Ji Tae can't get married after that.
Please.
Please. Please.
You don't know me that well, Seo Ji An.
Once I make...
a very cautious decision,
I never change my mind.
I'm part of the Haesung family,
and we...
have our own rules.
I won't break them for you,
and I shouldn't.
I know.
I know that very well.
But could you please think about it?
Consider it just once more...
before your parents return.
You really...
make things hard for me.
I beg you.
How much is there?
I don't know. Gosh.
- Let's see. - Gosh.
My goodness.
Hello there.
We're full tonight.
Cinderella's back after a while.
Cinderella?
It's always busy when she shows up.
She must have something.
She comes here too?
I saw her at a club in Cheongdam-dong.
She goes everywhere.
That's why many men are interested in her...
because they are curious.
She's just making herself look cheap.
Anyway, which section should I serve?
- The front booths. - Thank you.
I want to dance alone. Get lost.
I came to play with you.
Get Mr. Hong and get rid of them.
Escort her to our room.
I'm sorry. Mr. Hong's out at the moment.
Don't you dare pull that on me.
Come with us and say hi.
- I'm curious about you. - Let go of me!
What are you doing here?
Mr. Hong asked for you.
That'll do. What's your name?
100,000 Dollars?
I'll put in a good word for you to Mr. Hong.
Mr. Hong, the manager, quit a month ago.
What?
After all I paid him to take care of me?
Hey, you're...
Gosh, you finally recognize me now?
Gosh, I knew this would happen.
I'll get to the point. How much do you want?
What?
I knew it when you peeked through our gate.
You're looking at houses?
I don't know how you figured out who I am,
but you checked out my house. So name your price.
Hey, do you think I was at your house for money?
I was there to see my sister.
I saved you because you are my sister's sister,
you brat.
What nonsense is that? Why am I your sister's...
(1,000 dollars)
No thanks.
Why?
Can't you just...
stop going to places like this instead?
Did you sleep well, ma'am?
I was just about to wake you.
Your father is hungry early today.
He's up already?
We even went out for a walk.
Thanks for taking care of him.
Ms. No.
I'm not your father's maid.
I know that.
You must think I won't become your stepmother.
But you never know what'll happen.
Don't draw the line already.
You don't know my dad.
This bibimbap is a fascinating dish.
Foreigners loved it when it was...
served on planes, and now, it's a hit in Vietnam.
Yes. Our restaurant in Hanoi is very busy.
We'll open the Ho Chi Minh branch ahead of schedule,
and we are considering opening one in Danang.
What do you think?
Why would you ask me that...
when there's your husband?
Vice Chairman Choi, you're now in charge...
of all the Vietnam restaurants.
Yes, sir.
What did you think about MJ's plans for next year?
Entering Europe and opening a premier hotel?
It looks more like...
they're opening a market stall.
I'll talk to your sister about that.
That's not the only thing you must discuss with her.
I was getting bored of the business talk.
Shall I leave the table?
Even she wasn't upset. Why are you so riled up?
It's not about how we like it or not.
She disobeyed you.
And she used Eun Seok as bait.
Do you have proof?
The two employees who uploaded the photos...
did nothing wrong that day.
They were on vacation,
and they were just smoking under a tree.
The reporter who wrote the Yangpyeong article...
got the photo from an anonymous source.
So we don't have any decisive proof.
We only know it was planned...
because it all surfaced online at the same time.
It's good to see you on the same page for once,
but let it go.
- Dad. - Sir.
Why worry about minions clouding the waters?
Eun Seok managed to patch things up nicely.
Myung Soo isn't a minion.
He's worse than Jin Hee.
They know we're onto them.
Let it go this time, okay?
They're after Do Kyung.
Yes, Do Kyung.
He mentioned something...
in the business proposal for the second half.
A premium nightwear brand.
I like that idea.
I heard Jung Kang Soo held an exhibition here.
I was wondering if you have his phone number.
That was already five years ago.
I heard he's living in seclusion.
Then can you tell me his friends if you know any?
Natural dye helps enhancing skin moisture,
relieves skin irritation and allergy reactions.
It also has deodorization properties,
so it's perfect for premium nightwear.
But the colors are beautiful too.
I like this indigo color,
but this isn't it.
How beautiful was the color you saw?
Thank you anyway.
- I like the design. - Sure.
(Director Park)
Yes, Director Park.
Vice President Choi.
My wife's a member of Apparel.
She received a text about the event,
but the date's incorrect.
What do you mean?
Yoon Ha Jung. I just found out now.
- Why is the date wrong? - What do you mean?
The Satisfying the Five Senses event...
begins on the 29th,
but it says it's the 28th.
Pardon?
It says it's the 28th.
Didn't you check the date, Ha Jung?
I thought I did.
What?
General Manager Lee.
What's wrong with the group text on the event?
I'm sorry. We just found out.
Where's Seo Ji An?
It wasn't her.
Ha Jung did it.
I'm... I'm sorry.
General Manager Lee.
Yes.
How much is the cost of the group text?
It's over 100,000 dollars.
If we send it again,
we're wasting 100,000 dollars.
Am I right?
Yes.
Ms. Yoon.
What about the theme for the hand printing contest?
Have you decided to go with a fairy tale theme?
Are you done talking with the design team?
Seo Ji An is in charge of that.
Then when do I get the final screening...
of the customer fashion show?
I've distributed the vote,
but we haven't decided the date yet.
Are you saying we can wait months for it?
Is there any increase in social media followers?
The advertising agency's taking care of it.
You mean you don't know.
Then when will the agency get the design ready?
Are we getting 2D and 3D together?
Seo Ji An's in charge of it.
Anyway, you don't know.
You said you'll cast...
a premium Australian candle brand.
How is that going?
I haven't checked it yet.
Manager Jo.
You said you'll postpone the sales...
of the new winter season because of the event.
When can I get the customer analysis report?
I haven't received the report yet from Ji An.
Ms. Yoon.
Who are the sponsors for the event?
Ji An's out looking for them.
Where did she go?
I don't know.
I heard you two are in charge together.
It hasn't been that long.
I didn't have time to learn it.
Then why did you come to the team dinner?
I'm trying my best to learn it now.
I've heard that yesterday.
Where's Seo Ji An?
She's out on business.
Where did she go?
Subtitle ripped and resynced by redixion
- Goodbye. - Goodbye.
(Do Kyung)
Hello.
Come straight to the membership club now.
I'll let the manager know.
Okay.
Are you Seo Ji An?
- Yes. - This way please.
Sit.
Where are you coming from?
No.
Tell me what you've been doing...
without coming to the office today.
I went to a few galleries where Jung Kang Soo...
held exhibitions and talked to his students...
to get his number.
And I was looking around...
a few convention halls that were changed.
You.
You said you wanted me...
to keep the secret until your brother's wedding.
Yes.
Fine.
But...
under one condition.
Condition?
(My Golden Life)
From now on, I'll be in charge...
of the foundation event.
Did you do something wrong, Ji An?
My real sister, Ji Soo.
What's she doing now?
- What? - What a coincidence.
Gosh. Really.
Let's get this clear.
You and I aren't siblings anymore.
We aren't related.
Hi, Cinderella.
Be careful.
So many guys are after you.
I have a bodyguard now.
Unbelievable.
Does he have amnesia?
Okay. Okay.
Father will be disappointed...
if he doesn't get to see Eun Seok.
Yes, Grandfather.
Come to Yangpyeong after work.
Today? To Yangpyeong?